<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">

<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/default.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="css">
		<style>
#ppBody {
	font-size: 11pt;
	width: 100%;
	margin: 0 auto;
	text-align: justify;
}

#ppHeader {
	font-family: verdana;
	font-size: 21pt;
	width: 100%;
	margin: 0 auto;
}

.ppConsistencies {
	display: none;
}
</style>
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="content">
		<div class="section no-pad-top">
			<div class="section #{style.colorPrimary}">
				<h1 class="header center #{style.colorWhiteText}">Poll System
					Privacy Policy</h1>
			</div>

			<div class="container">
				<div id='ppBody'>
					<div class='ppConsistencies'>
						<div class='col-2'>
							<div class="quick-links text-center">Information Collection</div>
						</div>
						<div class='col-2'>
							<div class="quick-links text-center">Information Usage</div>
						</div>
						<div class='col-2'>
							<div class="quick-links text-center">Information Protection</div>
						</div>
						<div class='col-2'>
							<div class="quick-links text-center">Cookie Usage</div>
						</div>
						<div class='col-2'>
							<div class="quick-links text-center">3rd Party Disclosure</div>
						</div>
						<div class='col-2'>
							<div class="quick-links text-center">3rd Party Links</div>
						</div>
						<div class='col-2'></div>
					</div>
					<div style='clear: both; height: 10px;'></div>
					<div class='ppConsistencies'>
						<div class='col-2'>
							<div class="col-12 quick-links2 gen-text-center">Google
								AdSense</div>
						</div>
						<div class='col-2'>
							<div class="col-12 quick-links2 gen-text-center">
								Fair Information Practices
								<div class="col-8 gen-text-left gen-xs-text-center"
									style="font-size: 12px; position: relative; left: 20px;">
									Fair information<br /> Practices
								</div>
							</div>
						</div>
						<div class='col-2'>
							<div class="col-12 quick-links2 gen-text-center coppa-pad">
								COPPA</div>
						</div>
						<div class='col-2'>
							<div
								class="col-12 quick-links2 quick4 gen-text-center caloppa-pad">
								CalOPPA</div>
						</div>
						<div class='col-2'>
							<div class="quick-links2 gen-text-center">
								Our Contact Information<br />
							</div>
						</div>
					</div>
					<div style='clear: both; height: 10px;'></div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who
						are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information'
						(PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and
						information security, is information that can be used on its own
						or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single
						person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our
						privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we
						collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally
						Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.<br />
					</div>
					<span id='infoCo'></span><br />
					<div class='grayText'>
						<strong>What personal information do we collect from the
							people that visit this poll?</strong>
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>When casting your vote on this poll,
						as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your Student ID or other
						details to help authenticate your vote and prevent fraudulent
						entries. Any information entered into this poll, as prescribed
						under Data Destruction, will be destroyed when deemed neccessary.</div>
					<br />
					<div class='grayText'>
						<strong>When do we collect information?</strong>
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>
						Your information is collected upon you submitting your Student ID,
						at which point we validate your Student ID. We also collect
						information when you vote, at which point we irreversibly encrypt
						(hash) your student ID and use it to form an entry, which is
						stored on our private and secure server. Your Student ID is <b>not</b>
						stored in plain-text when in our database.
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='grayText'>
						<strong>How do we use your information? </strong>
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>
						We may use the information we collect from you when you enter your
						Student ID and vote in the following ways:<br /> <br />
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>&bull;</strong> To allow a
						student body to vote on certain matters. <br />
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>&bull;</strong> To
						authenticate an entered Student ID and prevent fraudulent votes. <br />
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>&bull;</strong> To assign a
						hashed Student ID to an entry.
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='grayText'>
						<strong>How do we protect visitor information?</strong>
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>
						Our server is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and
						known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as
						safe as possible. We use advanced malware and virus scanners on
						our servers.<br /> <br />
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>Your personal information is contained
						behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number
						of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are
						required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all
						sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure
						Socket Layer (SSL) technology.</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>We implement a variety of security
						measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their
						information to maintain the safety of your personal information.</div>
					<div class='innerText'>Collected Student IDs are irreversibly
						encrypted (hashed) when stored on our server, and cannot be turned
						back into a plain-text (readable) form.</div>
					<br /> <span id='coUs'></span><br />
					<div class='grayText'>
						<strong>Do we use 'cookies'?</strong>
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>Yes. Cookies are small files that a
						site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard
						drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the
						site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and
						capture and remember certain information.</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						<br /> <strong>We use cookies to:</strong>
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>&bull;</strong> Understand
						and save user's preferences for future visits. <br />
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>&bull;</strong> Help
						prevent fraudulent voting.
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						<br />You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a
						cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
						You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer)
						settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your
						browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your
						cookies.<br />
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						<br /> <strong>If users disable cookies in their
							browser:</strong>
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>We cannot and will not make any
						guarantee that our poll system will work properly if you disable
						cookies in your browser.</div>
					<br />
					<div class='grayText'>
						<strong>Third-party disclosure</strong>
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>We do not sell, trade, or otherwise
						transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable
						information unless we provide users with advance notice. We may
						release information when it's release is appropriate to comply
						with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or
						others' rights, property, or safety.</div>
					<span id='trLi'></span><br />
					<div class='grayText'>
						<strong>Third-party links</strong>
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>We do not include, offer, or sponsor
						third-party products or services on our website.</div>
					<br />
					<div class='blueText'>
						<strong>California Online Privacy Protection Act</strong>
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>
						CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial
						websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's
						reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or
						company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that
						operates websites collecting personally identifiable information
						from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on
						its website stating exactly the information being collected and
						those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with
						this policy. - See more at:
						http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf<br />
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						<br /> <strong>According to CalOPPA we agree to the
							following:</strong>
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>Users can visit our site anonymously.</div>
					<div class='innerText'>Once this privacy policy is created,
						we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum on the
						first significant page after entering our website.</div>
					<div class='innerText'>Our Privacy Policy link includes the
						word 'Privacy' and can be easily be found on the page specified
						above.</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						<br />Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>&bull;</strong> On our
						Privacy Policy page
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>Users are able to change their
						personal information:</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>&bull;</strong> By emailing
						us at the address at the bottom of this page.
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						<br /> <strong>How does our site handle do not track
							signals?</strong>
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>We don't honor do not track signals
						and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not
						Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. We don't honor them
						because cookies here only affect application use. These cookies
						will not track you.</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						<br /> <strong>Does our site allow third-party
							behavioral tracking?</strong>
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>It's also important to note that we do
						not allow third-party behavioral tracking</div>
					<span id='coppAct'></span><br />
					<div class='blueText'>
						<strong>COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)</strong>
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>
						When it comes to the collection of personal information from
						children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
						(COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the
						nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule,
						which spells out what operators of websites and online services
						must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.<br /> <br />
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>We do not specifically market to
						children under 13.</div>
					<span id='ftcFip'></span><br />
					<div class='blueText'>
						<strong>Fair Information Practices</strong>
					</div>
					<br />
					<div class='innerText'>
						The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of
						privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include
						have played a significant role in the development of data
						protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair
						Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented
						is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect
						personal information.<br /> <br />
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						<strong>In order to be in line with Fair Information
							Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a
							data breach occur:</strong>
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>We will notify the users via email</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>&bull;</strong> Within 1
						business day
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>We will notify the users via in-site
						notification</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>&bull;</strong> Within 1
						business day
					</div>
					<div class='innerText'>
						<br />We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which
						requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally
						enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail
						to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that
						individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also
						that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to
						investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
					</div>
					<br /> <strong>Data Destruction</strong>
				</div>
				<br />
				<div class='innerText'>After statistics have been calculated
					on any poll, the data will be destroyed, along with any personally
					identifiable information. This includes, but is not limited to,
					hashed Student IDs, names of candidates, pictures of candidates, or
					any other identification sources on the ballot.</div>
				<span id='ourCon'></span> <br />
				<div class='blueText'>
					<strong>Contacting Us</strong>
				</div>
				<br />
				<div class='innerText'>
					If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may
					contact us using the information below.<br /> <br />
				</div>
				<div class='innerText'>BinghamTSA.org</div>
				<div class='innerText'>2160 10400 South</div>
				<div class='innerText'>South Jordan, Utah 84095</div>
				<div class='innerText'>United States</div>
				<div class='innerText'>
					<a href="mailto:support@binghamtsa.org">support@binghamtsa.org</a>
				</div>
				<div class='innerText'>
					<br />Last Edited on 2016-02-18
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
